hey everybody um
so excited to have you here um hope
everybody can hear us well um if there's
any issues put it in the chat
but uh i am jason lemkin from saster
we're the world's largest community for
cloud founders and i think we have
absolutely
probably the most interesting panel or
session i've ever done i've been doing
we've been doing eight faster annuals
and i've been doing events of some form
for 10 years on accident
but not only is this an all-star panel
but i think we have the perfect group
for the time for
july
2022 and let me tell you let me
introduce them but tell you why i think
these are particularly interesting uh
folks to talk about where we're really
at in these weird times so we've got
sarah franklin here president and cmo of
salesforce and
um
what's super interesting salesforce
30 billion dollars in arr growing 24 and
accelerating growing faster than before
and for everyone listening
and maybe chris or sarah varney help me
do the math but 24 of 30 billion is
adding 7 billion of net new
net new ar per year
so like we just need a master class
right there because that's a lot of
pipeline to add i think that's a lot of
leads um to add 7 billion
but and what was interesting is at the
end of last quarter and and then we'll
we'll dig in with all the panelists and
we'll get a snapshot of aurora today
mark benioff said they weren't seeing
any signs of a slowdown yet and
salesforce is accelerating the scale
like when when when this group of
panelists started doing sas i don't
think we ever believe anyone could get
to a billionaire are and we certainly
believe if you got to 10 you could
accelerate right so
so i think this we're going to dig into
this it's incredible that this happened
with salesforce
with chris next chris kohler cmo from
box fox isn't in its own way just as
interesting boxes crossing a billion in
air are and it is accelerating right it
is accelerating almost growing 50 faster
than it was six quarters ago there's a
bunch of reasons going multi-product
going more enterprise but again
accelerating at a billionaire in these
crazy times so we're going to dig in
there super interesting we all know box
we've all followed it but box box
started off
as a rocket ship it hit a medium or a
slow growth path and then
re-acceleration fascinating
the time when the stock market's down a
tiny bit which we'll get into
um and then sarah varney is not only a
pro in sas and cloud but at a very
interesting place today at salesforce
and then cmo of twilio which exploded
right the number one cloud communication
company grew number one api company
number one bti company and then went to
attentive
and um
folks may or may not know attentive it's
one of the most successful next
generation marketing companies um
four billion dollar evaluation last time
b2b and b2c if you're in if you're in
the e-commerce or shopify ecosystem
you'll know attentive because it's one
of the two great i don't know that
enclavio are ones you may not have heard
of if you're not in that space but if
you have you're like oh my god these
these companies are growing like never
before and an innovator in mobile
marketing and sms before anybody else
and so sarah not only has seen it all
but she in some ways may have the most
pulse on how b to c and b to c customers
are doing differently today right it's
hard to tell i don't know
so anyhow what a great panel in any
other time but i think goodness gracious
when when the market is down but sas is
up like this is the weirdest times like
this is who i want to learn from so i
only want to do one question where
everyone goes around but can we start
with sarah with an h
just tell us
what's the pulse today what are you
seeing in your customer base are we
impacted by the markets are there strong
and weak sections so what i just want to
get everyone's pulse of what they're
seeing from their customers um and
pre-customers their pipeline their
prospects
yeah since we're going around the horn
i'll try to keep it um
take your time there's a good this is
valuable we want to know what salesforce
is seeing we want to know how we're
going to hit the 7 billion dollar plan
so does uh so do my co-ceos that i get
that question every day
um
so what we're seeing with our customers
is definitely there's anxiety there's
all the things that everybody sees
between inflation supply chain
disruption labor shortages um
war you name it
and um
there's that anxiety but
the good thing about um sas businesses
is that technology is really the
solution that our customers are seeing
is the way that they're going to
automate themselves um to get more
productivity more efficiency
and just help their businesses run
better
and so it's interesting whether you're
talking to cios cdos cmos cross ceos
they're all saying we need to invest
more in technology and we need to even
it's not just about digital
transformation it's about automation and
productivity and efficiency and that's
the conversation that we're seeing um
uh in the demand environment
and have you seen are you seeing pot i
mean this
digital transformation whatever you call
it i mean this became a a tidal wave
right in the ceo's office like everyone
wanted to put
an amazing amount of their budget into
digital transformation is that is are
there pieces of it that are on pause or
slow down or work or
or people are just observing how things
are going
well it's why i think that um this group
this time has never been more important
to be a cmo or cdo or cco because this
is the area of it's not just digital
transformation it really is how am i
doing my marketing how am i doing my
sales how am i doing my customer service
and um that whole um area is just right
for just reinventing itself and having
the area of investment so there's never
been a more important time to be a cmo
because every ceo is looking right and
saying hey i need you to help me drive
growth but also to drive efficiency to
make your um how can you be more
effective in your demand gen how can you
be better at driving conversion how can
you be better at
automating the engagement and that's
that's what we're seeing
and chris what are you saying box is so
interesting because it's gone it's nrr
it's enterprise penetration all of it's
gone up as box has become more critical
enterprise app right um but it's still
got a piece that's that's almost b2c and
smb at the bottom right what do you what
are you seeing in those different
segments of the market yeah i think
following on sarah like everyone is
looking around driving more productivity
and efficiency out of every dollar that
they spend in the organization and it
doesn't matter if you're an smb customer
three person architecture firm or a
large enterprise you're trying to figure
out how do i create a better customer
experience how do i engage with my
customers and then quite frankly how do
i make my employees collaborate in a
world that is very hybrid right so those
trends aren't going away because there's
economic conditions i think i think you
as a as a brand we have to make sure
that we are mission critical and
valuable to them in a downtime
so there's a lot of focus on are they
getting the value out of what they
purchased and are we living up to our
promise around that so we haven't we
haven't necessarily seen a slowdown i
think this notion digital transformation
has been talked about for many many many
years and it probably means something
different to everyone else but this
notion of creating great customer
experiences driving efficiency in the
business creating a great employee
experience as well um those trends don't
slow we haven't seen a slow down and i
think they may just accelerate
got it and when and box is interesting
to me because there's
the the the
the simpler version of box you use right
the simplest version of box um
it feels more competitive or more
commodity than the more enterprise and
fully functioning workflow version right
do you see it are you seeing any signs
that there's budget pressure or pricing
pressure or at the bottom end people are
being more sensitive today are you not
you're not getting that pulse in the
market right right now we haven't
necessarily seen at the bottom end of
the market um a lot of economic pressure
around that that's still continues to be
a good growth vector for us
um and then at the enterprise i think
you know part of what we're trying to
figure out is is there opportunities for
us to be more critically valuable in an
organization and you know where can we
add more value so uh we just we haven't
necessarily seen it today but again
things can change in a month from now um
you know we meet we may see more
pressure around this but uh
like sarah said there's a lot of
uncertainty uh for sure but we haven't
necessarily seen um it drop out well
let's i want to hear from sarah varney
on this both of you brought up an
interesting question about positioning
in 2022 like if you're whether it's cdo
or enterprise so if you have any let's
come back to that in the next point but
if you have some thoughts about how your
positioning is changing this year that
are more depth i think that's
interesting
but but sarah v um
generally what are you seeing and what's
tell me what's going on if you have
intelligence on one side of your
business why are fake why is facebook so
nervous and google why are these guys
almost why is facebook doing hiring
freezes i mean i think these are good
businesses why is google slowing down
like maybe you even have a better pulse
than the rest like but but talk about
both sides but why are people freaking
out in b2c today yeah well i mean i
think it's just been a perfect storm for
the average b2c marketer over the last
three years you've got
endemic uh you've got uh you know this
inflationary environment that we're
living in and then you have all this
regulation especially around traditional
ad channels that are becoming much more
well that's for sure right effective and
so you know we've seen all three of
those things come together in our
business in particular as you mentioned
at the top of the call we sell to uh b2c
retailers uh quite often we have a large
overlap with the shopify customer base
and i think
um as uh you know what's interesting is
we've come out of co but there were a
lot of people that's at the low end of
the market that started up these kind of
hobbyist businesses you know the
bracelet shop on instagram uh and
decided you know they were going to
leave their full-time career to to take
on you know a passion project
in retail in this case and you know as
people have come out of code and
realized for whatever reason that that's
not maybe their lifetime calling um you
know that we've seen we have seen some
softness in the in that low end of the
market and so
um but i think also even in that um
you know across uh the full spectrum of
customers we sell from everyone from the
mom and pop shops to you know michael's
craft stores or forever 21 um and i
think everyone is really trying to do
more with less and with all the
regulation around uh
gdpr and you know in our space in
particular in idfa with all the changes
that that apple's making in terms of
what actually
gets to your inbox people are really
trying to find new channels uh to engage
customers at that same level of
efficiency and so we're really trying to
uh we have a i'd say you know switching
over to what our strategy how it's
changed over that time period we're
really trying to sit down with our
customers and be very consultative on
how they can navigate through all this
new regulation and still engage their
customers in a way that's compliant uh
and you know not gonna get that not uh
not lead them to you know see any drop
off in
in uh conversion yeah let me just one
one thing that i'd be curious for
perspective on um and then open up the
larger group but
it seems on the b to c side there's
let's talk about e-commerce in
particular it's because this is like
where everything's so confused in 2022.
on the one hand we can say oh my god
shopify grew a hundred percent at pico
vid and then everyone that was forced to
sell online a lot of them dropped their
stores a lot of them dropped things and
it and on the one hand shopify plummeted
on the other hand it's still growing 20
and e-commerce is still growing so an
attentive do you think like are we down
or are we up um because we're down from
peak covid but the trend we're but but
the whole area of e-commerce and that
it's you know it's a big part of
salesforce too and pizza buck that's
still
there's still tailwinds there that that
are ongoing it's just we're back to the
historical norm so does that do you guys
worry about that do you adjust your
plans down or is it still a positive how
do you balance out the which slope to
look at no i mean i i think it you know
it's it's hard to talk about silver
linings in the context of a global
pandemic but i definitely think that
there are for retail and
you know um for us we had a uh copit was
a great forcing function for a lot of
our kind of brick and mortar stores to
really think about what their digital
experience is going to be and now that
we're going back into stores we're
trying to think about all right how
about all that great digital work that
you you built through kobit how can you
make sure that you're bridging that gap
back to your physical stores and
creating you know a very seamless
customer journey where you're
getting every piece of information that
you can whether they're you know on
instagram in your store at a point of
sale um you know shopping on your
website uh making sure that you're
really connecting those dogs and i know
um both chris and sarah uh you know that
is something that that both box and
stride and uh and uh salesforce really
strive to do too is is making sure that
you've got
that kind of seamless connected journey
well and jason i think they're like you
even described it there's a lot of like
mixed signals in the market where
everyone's as leaders we're trying to
figure out are we going to what's going
to happen and you know you ask about why
meta is slowing down or google
i mean one of the things is the fx
headwind challenge that you know i think
many of us are dealing with i mean for
the first time the euro and the dollar
are equal right and that is the first
time in the 20 years i think it's been
and in the japanese yen and so those all
become sort of cost and revenue
headwinds as we think about it so i
think there's a lot of leaders that are
just being precautionary around this
saying okay maybe maybe we need to be
smart slow this down see how it plays
out over the next few quarters i know
bill mcdermott uh had mentioned that
last night uh from servicenow and and
there was a big reaction uh to it around
that so i think i think we're all just
trying to figure out what the heck is
this going to look like in the next six
months so let's push on that because
that's interesting bill mcdermott who
obviously is one of the great tasks he
and mark benioff are two of the great
sas veterans he said
fx and currency effects are going to hit
everybody and serves now plummeted 12
but hold on i've been doing this a
little while i don't remember anyone
canceling their sales force licenses
because of currency fluctuations okay
so what's and would you change your
marketing budget like these macro
effects like we
like if if they're not going to change
renewals and they're not going to change
this how do they really how they
tactically impacting us that that's
where it's confusing right
well
and sarah i think you jumped jumping as
well but i think part of it is your
revenue guidance actually may be lower
because you're you're getting less
revenue from those you know other
regions and
then that's it's like well if our
revenue is going to be lower um then our
better cost better be lower as well
right so i think there's that they're
trying to figure out some of those
trade-offs of how we recognize revenue
and fx you know exchange impacts as part
of that
i guess are you are we lowering
marketing
the i think sale the average sas company
gets like 40 of its revenue outside the
u.s right if you i think salesforce is
probably roughly that are you ratcheting
down your marketing budgets because
of inflation and currency or is that
happening or people just thinking about
doing that
so what we're doing here at salesforce
is really just looking at our customer
demand and for all of our product lines
so fx is definitely a headwind and in
our last earnings call you heard mark
and brett um be very transparent uh with
with you know the headwinds that um the
fx causes and it's something which is
it's just bananas crazy how between the
yen to the to the to the euro to the
pound and it's the charts are crazy and
wonky
um
but from a marketing standpoint uh we
are
we are just really focused on the future
i mean whether it's cookie-less future
first-party data strategy you know focus
on conversions
um
that's that's got to be the focus and
you may see some fluctuations in budget
but
um that's the strategy that we're heads
down on and uh chris you mentioned a
little bit and sarah did too
um it's not even just like a journey
that goes from here to here it's a it's
a complete omni-channel experience that
you can insert yourself into multiple
ways
and um
in some ways it's harder now
post-pandemic because
during the pandemic i mean it was it was
all digital you know you could focus
right now you have to bridge the digital
and the physical and do it in a way that
feels like you're talking to the same
person the whole time
and so that's where at the underpinning
of it it really is your data and that's
where so focusing on getting your cdp in
order getting your data house in order
understanding the journey so that you
can go out into the omni channel world
and whether it's
nfts metaverse multiverse who knows like
who knows what the channel is going to
be but um we're just staying laser
focused on building that incredible
customer experience and that's what
drives loyalty and engagement
is there something material you're doing
different today that's interesting in
2022 because of that change this
postcode change is there something some
something material that's interesting
you're doing differently
um well well
one thing we did do is we want we
launched salesforce plus which is our um
online you know streaming service and
transforming ourselves from being a
moment in time tactical
um event oriented marketing team to
being a trusted business media channel
that has incredible storytelling uh with
massive reach and a trusted brand so if
anything you're shifting from tactics to
more brand strategy
and that is a huge
it's a swing because brand investments
are often hard to harder to quantify
people say okay how does that you know
advertisement equivocate to the pipeline
um sorry i'm doing a lot with my hands i
feel like i'm doing a dance here oh it's
a great
it's a great topic to talk about how to
measure brand right it's one of the most
fascinating topics in marketing
especially at the cmo level right
but that's where you're seeing the shift
is like is like you need to get your
data house in order so that you have
automated journeys and engagement and
that's not even just your marketing
campaigns it's tying into the
conversation and having a an automated
conversation on your site and this is
where salesforce has incredible
ecosystem of partners um and in
empowering you know all of the
omni-channel experiences whether it's
you know for text whether it's um in the
metaverse
no matter where it is but it's it's very
important um
that you are our omni channel
and that your brand is is one that
people trust because people are they're
buying more of their heart strings than
they are their purse strings in terms of
i want to invest in a brand that stands
for these values
yeah and so is the ra salesforce is that
ratio tweaked like of your budget has
is is it a material tweak more to brand
in in this in 2022 um
i would say yes i mean we've made some
big investments with brand like we had
we went we did super bowls we did
olympics we're doing formula one
uh we're going to places where the ones
the classic one isn't it
i mean it's been amazing it's that
what's it what's incredible is that
we're we're not just bringing in um and
this is important from a brand strategy
don't just slap a logo on it i told them
that's not what i want
i want to power the fan experience so
every
formula one fan
they are experiencing what it is to have
a one-to-one customer journey because
it's powered by salesforce and also um i
have to say i'm very proud of this
helping formula one to become a net zero
sport by 2030. um and
simple things like they're changing
the order of their events
because it's a lower carbon footprint to
travel like sequentially around the
world instead of bopping all around
different places
and those are very simple things that um
we're helping them do and so
it's it's these are the type of brand
investments it's like how can your
technology show up in the brand
investment that you're making
and serving you're doing it again as cmo
so how what are you thinking about
what's that
punishment
that could be a whole different session
the the second time or third time why
are they doing it again and what are
they no longer willing to do right
what's your what you're learning now
about brand as a as an up-and-coming
leader like how are you thinking about
budgeting
where to do it how to tie it together
like sarah franklin i'd love to talk
about what we learned from salesforce tv
if we had more time we might run out but
how are you thinking about that topic
today yeah i mean i've kind of suffered
separated out as two questions i think
there's a question about brand and how
it evolves over time when you're you
know a business in 100 millions of
revenue to you know billions and
billions like salesforce and then i
think the second is like how is our
shift changing this year yeah you know
brand wise i think you know we just ran
our first ever brand campaign this um
last quarter we were really excited
about it i love the space that we're in
i really truly think that we're changing
the game for for b2c marketers um and
uh you know i think that but we're a
relatively unknown brand and so i for
the the the first kind of iteration of
that i thought it was just important to
establish who we are like we do we drive
sales with sms marketing and not get too
fancy and try to be
um you know too advanced in in how we're
going to change the world but i think
you know over time as you evolve
tactical tagline very tactical very
practical i always say to my team
not we make the world better or not not
flowing leaves and rivers just exactly
what we do very prescriptive right well
yeah i mean i think there's a time and
place for the flowing leaves too so
don't you know cisco's good at it i get
it uh
but i mean just very practical i always
say to my team hey if someone's driving
down the 101 at 60 miles an hour and
they see your billboard are they going
to remember what it says and so you know
you can i always look at billboards and
say like oh my god i can tell like seven
people had to approve this because it's
got like you know four different
taglines and a picture and whatever and
i think it's just like very simple
straight forward copy but you could you
know over time your brand there's an
expectation that your brand stands for
more than that i think that you know
companies like salesforce are a perfect
example of
of how a brand can really evolve to be
um you know a platform for change there
you go sarah
and uh you know i think that um you know
that just evolves over time as as um you
become a bigger company and uh and touch
different types of customers so but just
uh just for us to learn so this is your
first big brand campaign
are are you tying it back to the funnel
to conversions how are you measuring it
in a way and and how much of your budget
and how do you figure out how much to
put into it
yeah i mean i um i don't know that
you're ever gonna have a scientific
model obviously on on brand awareness
that's gonna spit out like four years
down the road how this affected your
funnel and so i try to think in like
heuristics and i think that like i
roughly say like all right you know 70
of your budget should go to programs
that you know are going to drive demand
and that are like bird in the hand
tactics you know 20 should go to
awareness like kind of trusted awareness
um channels and then 10 can be total
experimental that's just like kind of
like the rough
um breakdown i i have in my head when i
approach it um
but you know i think uh
i think it's very tempting in this
environment to take your foot off the
gas when it comes to brand i think
that's absolutely that is right when
there's even a hint of tumult you're
like oh i'll cut the the soft stuff
right i can't stop demand gem but i'll
cut that soft stuff right right
and i just think it's a long game and i
think you have to always kind of keep
that fire burning and if you don't
you're going to wake up one morning and
your you know competition's going to be
in your backyard
what's that go ahead yeah i was just
going to say i think i mean that's an
important lesson to have that
conversation with the cfo and that
partnership too because that it is the
easiest thing there you know when
there's when marketing has the most
discretionary budget um they're they're
going to come to you and say hey we need
your help here and you have to have that
conversation in that relationship and
and the trust uh of your leadership team
that says if we do this the
ramifications may not be in the next few
weeks but
growth next year and beyond and thinking
the long game and marketing not just
like this quarter and next yeah yeah
let's come back to that because it's so
you know when when when we had this
stock mark i don't think we have a sas
downturn but we have a stock market
downturn i don't think any of us are
disagreeing about that right every and
we had sequoia earlier everyone on
twitter is like cut marketing is like
the first thing right cut cut marketing
like um
and um
your point about it being the most
discretionary is interesting but when
you cut marketing you cut the medium
term right you don't cut the short term
like unless you're truly like hyper
transactional b2c but you're cutting
your medium term off so i don't know
what the answer is but cutting marketing
can can't really be the right answer
can't it
no i mean all of us are going to say no
i
how do you argue the other point because
more in a better way than me saying
you're cutting off your medium term
because that is what's happening you're
cutting off your your pipeline in a year
or maybe even two years in some cases if
it's a big deal right maybe maybe a
nine-figure deal sales force may take a
couple years to close on occasion
right but you're cutting it off you're
cutting your your medium term off
the conversations that we're having is
um
and this is what i talk about with mark
and brett is saying
um let's not talk about how we cut let's
talk about how we'd be more efficient
and
and so um if anything i feel invested in
more
and this is why getting back down to
something i said earlier which is it all
comes back down to the data not just the
data that you have about your customers
but your data house it has to be in
order um inside of like your budgeting
your effectiveness all of that
and i love barney how she's talking
about um you know keep it simple like
the the same way that you would talk to
your customers talk to your internal
stakeholders that way to build that
narrative
um because
because
cutting marketing is very short-term
thinking and that's what's going to cut
your future growth and all of us will be
on the chopping block when you know
you're like oh where's the pipeline
where's the growth and
say well
if if you're not investing in the growth
but the the conversation to have is not
what cuts we're going to make it's how
are we going to make ourselves more
efficient yeah
is sales usually a top ally of marketing
in those discussions do they do they see
the value of those medium term pieces or
um
or or uh which which side are they on on
the cfo uh
the the cut versus keep side
do they understand the trade off so they
think it's not yeah what's that oh i was
gonna say i think you need to bring them
along for the journey they're gonna be a
big ally for you um in those
conversations and i think like you know
sometimes you're not gonna be able to
piece it together in like a you know a
big spreadsheet and look through like
all your deals for the last three years
sometimes what's even more powerful is
going through the anatomy of like your
top five customers and all the marketing
touch points along the way like map
those out for like some of your the
customers that you always talk about in
your events or the customers that come
up at qbr's and be like hey guys like
look you know it wasn't just about like
a cold outreach there they went to these
three events and then they went to this
exact dinner and they when they went you
know to this you know other thing and
whatever and like really map that out to
say like look at all these touches that
and and then you you map the deal the
the size of that customer along that
journey and
you know unless you're doing something
totally wrong normally through the
course of those kind of three to five
deal
reviews
uh i think you can absolutely build a
great case for your sales person that
that they see your part and their part
in that and it's not like oh marketing
did this all and or sales did this all
it's very much like hey we did this
together and we should do more of it and
the magic comes when you know it's not
just multi-touch attribution but the
magic comes when you can
analyze it to have a formula you can say
you know what works best when we do two
events a follow-up meeting and get this
person to webinar and this is the
formula and the more that you can come
to your distribution and sales teams and
say
this is the formula that's going to give
us um the best
win rate
or the biggest deal size or the largest
account penetration or the biggest
growth um that's when and and that's
what every cmo you should be doing is
like make yourself strategic inside your
business um in salesforce i've been
super proud that the role of cmo sits on
our elt direct report to the ceo
and
it was very important that the team also
feels like we are strategic we are
important to the business
and you're really the glue between your
product between your distribution
between
all of your back office gna
and you embrace that role you know you
embrace being that strategic person
and another thing is also being very
transparent
i feel like i've earned a lot of trust
internally by you know i don't hide the
budget i don't hide it i've used um
tableau to create our heart of marketing
which is just shared transparently
and it's that's been a game changer uh
and being accountable hey that didn't
work so well but this one worked pretty
well and that's how you earn the trust
of your stakeholders whether it's sales
or product or finance or or your ceo
yep can we just because um
we i wish we had like an extra hour
genuinely speaking but the theme of our
day is about conversions i think in part
right and um i think there's a there's a
basic element which
i mean it is crazy i think when a lot of
us started in b2b we really we we really
just thought a lead was a lead right
just just drive leads get names get
signups stick them in then we figured
out marketing automation stick them in a
system
and um and conversion was one of these
b2c things that we sort of understood
but like we didn't spend a lot of time
with bigger budgets right but what is
what is state of the art in 2022 are
there are the changes you're making to
improve it to improve because we're you
know
everyone we can get to learn about
salesforce a 10 over box we've got to do
everything humanly possible to close
them right not let them go if they're
potential buyers so what's the state of
the art or what's changed in 2022 for
your thinking
yeah i think i'll jump in so i think
jason like we've got two different
segments we're trying when we think
about conversion one is our e-commerce
business so you know obviously that's
when they get there we got to do a good
job of creating a customer experience
where they do convert um and conversion
at an enterprise level and so you know i
think in the past marketing often
high-fived when it like passed over a
lead or an mql and we said great good
luck go close that um and we optimize a
lot of our metrics around how many of
those we could actually go build but in
reality that doesn't matter unless it
turns into revenue and so this goes back
to sarah's point where you have to have
your data house in order and be able to
tie all of the after all the events all
the activities all the channels back to
a closed deal so you can say here's how
i'm optimizing around revenue not just
around sort of pipeline and
opportunities so i think that's that's
critically important in this day whether
it's a cdp or basically your data house
you gotta you gotta actually have that
that entire workflow or into end-to-end
flow from an analytics perspective and
chris said boxes how many employees at
box today to billionaire uh we're just
over 2 000 employees thousands so
how big is your data team or how many
folks does it take to manage this data
warehouse and all of this like how big a
how big a team of analysts and
triple phds do you need figuring all
this stuff out i mean it's amazing they
can scale again we're big tableau
customers right you can scale we're
segment customers and i think technology
is helping us scale in a bigger way we
do have i would argue one of the best
data analytics teams on the planet which
is i'm very very lucky and i've got a
handful of dedicated to the marketing
organization that helps us answer all
these questions but it's not hundreds
can 10 folks do this for you like yeah
yeah i mean a world-class job in 2022
for box how big a team do you need to
to
to to get to have a world-class um
yeah we probably have to hate on your
customers sub 10 ish like super smart
people and uh to help us drive a lot of
that doesn't have to be an army
um technology is definitely helping us
do this in a much more scalable way
yeah
yeah what are you changing sarah sarah
varney um well i'll talk about i'll talk
about how we're coaching our customers
on this and then i uh
you see perspective then i'll talk about
b2b we've got both sides yeah on the on
the b2c side i think this year we've
seen a shift from uh first party data to
actual zero party data so not just
observing like what someone's doing but
actually more the intent behind it and
uh selfish you know shameless plug but
like we do think that sms marketing is a
great way to do that through quizzes or
surveys just to get more intent about
how often someone wants to be contacted
the types of products they're interested
in so that you can serve back up very
personalized relevant product
recommendations so you know that's we're
definitely seeing that on the b2c side
on the b2b side we're definitely i think
all of us i think all of us on the call
whether um you're at you know salesforce
or inattentive you we're all being asked
as marketers to do more with less
um and you know we are really focused on
conversion i am we are a customer full
uh transparency we are a customer mutiny
and we've definitely um you know given
we have a small development team and
using mutiny we've been able to do some
rapid testing on
uh our you know web pages from
paid ads we've also been able to do spin
up a lot of work around abm and targeted
account um content that we wanted
without a huge staff of developers and
so you know that's been uh
really effective for us in terms of um
you know helping to drive conversion and
get the most out of uh the people that
are the leads that are coming to our
site
yeah and are you how do you think about
conversion as a metric is it an absolute
metric per segment that you're trying to
drive up during the course of the year
or how do you how do you think about it
is it is it is it is it a sort of a core
kpi i mean absolutely i i don't um you
know similar to what chris said i don't
want to take a victory lap for like uh
you know growth of mqls at over 100 when
our our um you know sqls are not
matching that growth um so we really
take a look at the the funnel
holistically and then beyond it to
chris's point it's not just about
getting the deal signed but you know
we're very much of pay as you go model
or user usage based model and so
um we can't just leave it at the sign
deal we work really closely with our
customer success team to make sure that
we're
enabling our people on the core uh
features and core
best practices or use cases that we know
are going to drive retention and usage
long term too
got it um pretty interesting um
well uh we'll probably it looks like
we've got about four more minutes um
tell me anybody tell me if i'm wrong
we've got about 50 questions that we
won't get to um but maybe i'll i'll try
to get in just maybe one or two more
things um
a version of question i already asked
but
anyone got a learning from this year of
something new they brought into their
marketing team something new they
brought into their apartment something
new they're doing that move the needle
like something in 2022 that moved the
needle or or that you're very passionate
about as a cmo one of the two
um
i'll just start i already said
salesforce plus is something that we did
but um the other thing is we've
this isn't necessarily new but we've
been going huge on in person
um and what it means to have in person
matched with digital and we've been
bringing in the expertise like instead
of hiring um your copywriters i'm hiring
like script writers and people with
broadcast experience that's
it's and it's not just about being you
know digital and a zoom
it's about
really thinking like and i apologize for
this analogy because i live in the bay
area and i love the warriors and we won
this year i was very excited for the
basketball team um but understanding
that you know you can experience
something like a basketball game by
going to a live event or sitting on your
couch and watching getting a special
event or going to like a bar restaurant
enjoying it with friends
and you have to operate in that world
and um
and i'd say
so bringing in that and then the other
thing is that
everyone needs to operate like b to c
like you can be a b to b company but
that's something that we've brought in
is like okay
we are a b2b company but we're going to
act like we're b2c
and you have to set up b2c scale b2c
infrastructure b2c personalization b2c
data focus on things like conversion
json like you were saying um
and
think like okay our sdr horse you know
we want to make that you know
have as much as much of that being
technology driven
more so than people driven so those are
some of the things we're bringing to
marketing it's like bringing even more
tech in and thinking b2c
got it and and being back in person
being together it sounds the whole the
whole field playbook is working again
right
it's it's more cultural than it is
anything it's um it's very interesting
how cultural um connection is very
important with just connecting with your
customers
yep anything i know we've just got two
more minutes anything chris or sarah
varney you're doing to connect more with
your customers in 2022 in this
post post-ish covered world not really
postcoded but post-ish yeah i think i
mean a couple things one conversational
ai has been pretty interesting for us as
we've helped
and drive that yeah um so that that's
been great and and unlike sarah we have
not done a lot of in person we just did
our first event in london um about a
month ago and we're looking at how do
what's what does that balance look like
in hybrid right and where do you
optimize and you have to optimize both
for the digital audience and the in
person and it's almost like two
different events in one that you've got
to think through and and that's a new
option for us
both mediocre yeah so that's it's an
area that i'm like excited about trying
to figure out and learn from but uh yeah
it sounds like there's a couple ahead of
us
yeah
i just i mean first off i just want to
give kudos to sarah franklin we worked
together for a number of years and she
was doing hybrid events before they were
cool so this is like a goal right now we
put it together girl we did it together
you know sarah was made for this era
but uh you know i don't have much else
to add beyond what was said already i do
think something that's um that's changed
massively to our advantage now that
remote work is i think generally here to
stay in some you know former fashion
like it's just opened the talent pool
tremendously of who we can you know hire
and um and the types of talent we can
recruit as marketers i probably would
not have even
been in the uh you know running for the
job i have now it's that we're in new
york based company and my whole family
cisco and so you know i think that that
is um something that is is changing the
game for all of us as marketers and and
we're not just recruiting from the same
pool in san francisco if you worked at
salesforce for 10 years you know your
your apertures open
right up and i just think that that's
gonna change the face of b2b marketing
in a lot of different ways
well look i'd love to even dig into that
because it's such an interesting topic
but we are out of time we had about 100
questions from the audience sorry we
didn't get to them maybe we'll try to do
some later if we can but let me thank
the pen i think this is a great pulse
check um and
a great chance to learn from the best so
thank you thank you sarah sarah
christmas was amazing
thanks jason thanks jason